What is a cookie?

A cookie is a small data file that is stored on your device (e.g. computer, tablet or smartphone) when you visit a website or use an app. Cookies help websites and mobile apps remember things about you, such as IP addresses (the Internet access of a computer), domain names, and the type of computer and operating system being used, so you don’t have to enter certain pieces of information every time you visit your favorite sites.

How does Glucocheck use cookies?

Like most website and app providers, we use cookies for various reasons, like recognizing your devices and your preferences when you log-in to your Glucocheck account, protecting your Glucocheck account data, helping us improve our website and app by tracking statistical information related to navigation, keeping our services secure, and generally providing you with a more satisfying and intuitive experience on our site. We may also use cookies to recall your authentication information. 

What cookies does Glucocheck use?

We may use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies. A session cookie enables certain features of the Website and our service and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Website. If a portion of this Website requires a password, you are giving us explicit permission to use a persistent cookie, which is a small data file that is generated when, as a registered user of the Website, you enter your assigned user ID and password to access the password-protected area of the Website. This file is stored on your computer and enables your browser to access each page that is in the password-protected area.

How do I change my cookie settings?

Your browser or device may allow you to block certain cookies, remove cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set by editing your web browser preferences or options. You do not have to accept all cookies that we send you; however, please understand that cookies are an important part of how our services work, so removing, rejecting, or limiting our use of cookies could impact your ability to use parts of our website or app.

Within your browser, you can choose whether you wish to accept cookies or not. Different browsers make different controls available to you. For additional information, you can refer to: www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-delete-cookies

